Frikadeller

500g+ Porky mince
500g+ Beef/Lamb/veal/chicken/turkey/etc, but less or equal to the amount of pork mince
2 medium sized onions - Chopped super fine, or grated finely
2 eggs
1dl milk, full-fat per 500g of meat
salt & peber
Lots of Butter
A bit of oil

1 - Det hakkede kød æltes let sammen and salt is added. Leave for 15 minutes.
2 - Add onions & egg. mix well.
3 - Add milk slowly while stirring, Mix evenly.
4 - Leave 20 minutes.
5 - Warm a pan, add butter & oil. Use a spoon to form the frikadeller.
6 - Fry the frikadeller, use the pan to make a brown gravy.
7 - Enjoy.

1 - Mix the meat, mix in 1.5tsp salt per 500g meat. Mix thoroughly so the different meats are not easily seen as separate in the mix. Leave for 15 minutes.
2 - Add Onions/eggs/pepper. mix well. Then add milk slowly while stirring so everrything is evenly mixed. Leave for 15 minutes.
3 - Warm a pan, add butter & oil. Use a spoon to form the frikadeller into oblong "ball" shapes. Similar to a rugby ball.
4 - Fry the frikadeller. The butter should start browning, but not burn. the frikadeller should ideally have a very dark brown and crusty surface where they were on the pan.
5 - When all the frikadeller have been made, add more butter to the pan and use it to make a gravy. (In the meanwhile, you will have prepared what ever you'd like to have with the frikadeller - Potatoes(classic)/Rice/Veggies)
6 - Serve and enjoy.

Variation: Get froxen garlic/spinach/etc, let it thaw in a bowl and add to the meat mix before the milk in step 2

Almost the same as Karbonader:
1 - Omit the egg and milk from the recipe.
2 - Instead of making lots of small frikadeller, karbonader are made by making fewer balls, about 125-150g per ball.
3 - Squish out to be a flat patty.
4 - Use a large knife to make lots of little grooves across the patties, then do it again at a 90 degree angle so it looks like a checkered patternon both sides of the patties.
5 - Turn in an egg mix, then coat in breadcrumbs.
6 - Fry gently for about 5-10 minutes (Until firm)
7 - Then make sauce, same as above.
