https://girlscangrill.com/recipe/hot-and-fast-ribs/
2 slabs St. Louis Style Ribs
yellow mustard
Christie Vanover's Pork Rub
1/4 cup butter
brown sugar
honey
1/4 cup apple or grape juice
your favorite sauce
INSTRUCTIONS
 
Flip the ribs, so that the bones are facing up. Using a paper towel, pull off the membrane and discard.
Trim off the flap of meat on the backside. Trim and remove any excess fat.
Rub the backside with mustard and pork rub. Let rest in the fridge for 15 minutes. Flip and rub the topside with mustard and pork rub. Let rest in the fridge while you heat your grill to 300F degrees.
Place the ribs on the grill meat side up. Smoke with the lid closed for 1 hour and 15 minutes. At the 30-minute and one-hour marks, spritz with apple cider vinegar.
Place two sheets of heavy-duty aluminum foil on the counter. Top with 4-5 pats of butter, 1-2 tablespoons brown sugar, a liberal drizzle of honey and 2 tablespoons juice. Place the ribs on the butter, meat side down. To the bone side of the ribs, add 4-5 more pats butter, 1-2 more tablespoons brown sugar and another drizzle of honey. Wrap tightly, crimping up the ends.
Place back on the smoker for 45 minutes to one hour. The ribs should bend when you pick them up.
Remove from the smoker, and unwrap from the foil. Flip the ribs over. Brush with sauce. Return to the smoker for 10-15 more minutes to set the sauce.
Remove from the smoker. Let rest a few minutes and slice.


https://bbqhost.com/how-long-to-smoke-ribs-at-300-350/
Ingredients
1 rack of spare ribs or St. Louis-style ribs (3 to 4 pounds)
Prepared yellow or Dijon mustard
2 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon apple juice
Brown sugar, to taste
Honey, to taste
Your favorite barbecue sauce (optional)
For the Spice Rub:

1 tablespoon chili powder
1 tablespoon smoked paprika
1 teaspoon cumin
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Directions
1. Prepare the spice rub by mixing all the ingredients together in a small bowl. Set aside.

2. Set the ribs on a clean work surface with the bones facing up. Check to see whether the butcher has removed the membrane from the rack. If not, use your fingers or a blunt knife to help you pull off and discard the membrane.

3. Trim away any excess fat, if desired. Pat the rib rack dry with paper towels.

4. Slather the rack all over with mustard, then add the spice rub, pressing to make sure the mixture sticks to the ribs.

5. Place the ribs in the fridge and set the smoker to 300 degrees.

6. When the smoker is ready, place the rib rack on the grill with the meaty side facing up. Close the lid and smoke the ribs for 1.5 hours.

7. While the ribs are cooking, prepare the foil wrapper. Set two sheets of heavy-duty foil on a large work surface. Add about half the butter, a sprinkling of brown sugar, a drizzle of honey, and the apple juice to the top layer of foil.

8. When the ribs have been on the smoker for 1.5 hours, take them off the heat and place them on top of the prepared foil, bone side up. Add the rest of the butter and a bit more honey and brown sugar to the bone side of the rib rack. Wrap the ribs in the foil and seal the ends tightly.

9. Return the ribs to the smoker for 45 minutes to 1 hour. At this point, they should be approaching the target temperature of 195 degrees.

10. Take the ribs back off the smoker and discard the foil wrapper. If you’d like, slather the rack with your favorite barbecue sauce.

11. Let the ribs cook for 10-15 minutes more to crisp up the bark and allow the sauce to set.

12. Remove the rack from the smoker and let the ribs rest for 10-15 minutes before serving with additional sauce on the side.

