Vegetable Stock
Source: https://www.thekitchn.com/how-to-make-vegetable-stock-cooking-lessons-from-the-kitchn-136725

Ingredients:
1 to 2 onions
2 to 3 carrots
3 to 4 celery stalks
4 to 5 sprigs fresh thyme
1 bay leaf
1 small bunch fresh parsley
1 tsp black peppercorns

Optional extras: leeks (especially the green parts), fennel, tomatoes, mushrooms, mushroom stems, parsnips


Vegetable Stock
Source: https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12982/basic-vegetable-stock/
Ingredients
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 large onion
2 stalks celery, including some leaves
2 large carrots
1 bunch green onions, chopped
8 cloves garlic, minced
8 sprigs fresh parsley
6 sprigs fresh thyme
2 bay leaves
1 teaspoon salt
2 quarts water
Optional extras: mushrooms, eggplant, asparagus (butt ends), corn cobs, fennel (stalks and trimmings), bell peppers, pea pods, chard (stems and leaves), celery root parings, marjoram (stems and leaves), basil, potato parings.


Method:
1) ------------------------
Coarsely chop all the vegetables.
Wash any visible dirt off the vegetables and give them a rough chop.
You don't even need to peel them first unless you really want to. (Some people even advocate leaving on the onion skins!)
Throw all the vegetables in a pot big enough to hold them plus a few extra inches of water.

2) ------------------------
Cover with water and bring to a simmer.
Cover the vegetables with enough water that you can easily stir them in the pot.
Less water means that your stock will be more concentrated; more water makes a lighter-flavored stock.
Set the pot over medium-high heat and bring it to just under a boil.
Once you start to see some bubbling around the edges of the pot and a few wisps of steam on the surface, turn the heat down to medium-low.

3) ------------------------
Simmer for about 1 hour.
This isn't an exact science, but one hour is generally enough time to infuse the water with vegetable goodness.
If you need to take it off the heat a little early or don't get to it until a little later, it will be fine.
Give it a stir every now and again to circulate the vegetables.

4) ------------------------
Strain and store.
Take the pot off the stove and remove all the vegetables with a slotted spoon.
Set a colander or strainer over a big bowl and line it with cheesecloth or coffee filters.
Pour the stock through.
If not using immediately, divide the stock into storage containers, cool completely, and then freeze.